# winnietan-nlb.github.io
This repository will contain information for my final project (Git and GitHub for Librarians)

With my final project, I decided to create a digital exhibit about Southeast Asia using Git, GitHub, and GitHub Pages. It has been a long journey, but I have come to appreciate Git greatly. Although I worked on this website alone, I can only imagine how useful Git could be as a version control tool for collaborative work through the histories of commits, and the ability to send pull requests after working on a separate branch. I've built on a website with several people (remotely!!) on Wix once and it was a nightmare trying to figure out who did what.

Even as I worked alone, when I ran into some trouble (uploading images, I had roughly 7-8 attempts there), I could look back at my commits and figure out what went wrong with the previous attempts, and I was able to track changes easily. If I wanted to test out different html code, I created a separate 'experiment' branch to test it out before I merged it to the main branch. It felt a little silly sending myself pull requests, but I understand how it could be of value in a collaborative setting. I wrote out issues to list out what my website needed, and the project board displays how the issues line up with the progress of my site. I've become a lot more comfortable with markdown language, and I had to figure out a few html code lines, but it worked out. It is a pity that I had to mainly use GitHub on browser to work on this project since I had some trouble with terminal, but nonetheless I was able to see how working on GitHub on browser lined up with a lot of the command line code I learnt earlier on in this course.

Overall, I gained much insight from this course, and I am looking forward to employing my skills in Git and GitHub at my workplace for more advanced projects! Thank you Chris!
